Yellow Class is a free online platform for kids to learn, explore and discover through various live hobby classes and courses for kids. They can learn and play through various learning activities such as dance, storytelling, story writing, creative writing, vocabulary, painting, language learning, drawing for kids, quizzes, art and craft, flameless cooking, kids workshops, and many more. The best online learning platform for your child!

Get these online classes free from top mentors and teachers - Get the best knowledge for kids! The endless learning academy - Exceptional and fun educational app for kids - Free!

Search and explore various learning programs for kids. Art classes, kids workshops, quizzes, or fun math? You can find that and many more live hobby classes in our app. Let your kids learn and play and improve kids' confidence with learning new skills.

⏩Some benefits and features of our fun educational app for kids live hobby classes:⏪
✔️ Fee to Use - Get access to 100s of FREE learning programs and courses!
✔️ Inspiring Mentors - Our creative and certified teachers will know how to engage with your kids and lead them through various learning activities. Our online learning platform is the place where you can get the best knowledge for kids!
✔️ Kids Workshop - Get introduced to new courses for kids. Single sessions help them to get familiar with new hobbies and subjects.
✔️ Multiple Learners Available - If you have more than one child, you can add all of them and manage profiles to customize what they will learn.
✔️ Language Learning for Kids - They will have the opportunity to improve their vocabulary and speaking skills
✔️ Kids Creative Writing - Our mentors from this field will make them fall in love with writing! They will learn about creative writing in a fun and engaging way.
✔️ Interactive Kids Learning Activities - Get ready to have fun, perform experiments and create small crafts. These are small do-it-yourself kids learning activities that can be done in a few minutes!
✔️ Drawing for Kids - Find drawing classes for your little ones and let our teachers teach them how to draw in a fun way.
✔️ Progress Report - Check your child`s progress, see how well it`s doing. Check watched classes, workshops attended, and other activities.
✔️ Class Calendar - Check out the schedule of all classes, programs, workshops happening on Calendar.
✔️ Classroom Community Feed - Share your kids' work in the community feed and get feedback from mentors!

❓WHY JOIN YELLOW CLASSES❓

⭐FREE LIVE HOBBY CLASSES⭐
Attend daily free live classes from this app. Material required, timings, etc., will be updated in the Calendar at least 48 hours before the Class.

⭐VARIOUS LEARNING PROGRAMS FOR KIDS TO EXPLORE⭐
With over 30+ unique hobby classes, including dance, calligraphy, drawing, yoga, phonics, flameless cooking, kids workshop, and many more. Kids can choose their favorites by taking all these online classes for free and learn in the live classroom! Let them be creative and improve their knowledge!

⭐HIGHLY CERTIFIED AND EXPERIENCED MENTORS⭐
Teachers at Yellow Class are very engaging and interactive, making the environment joyous and learning. They keep up with our notion of 'fun and learn'.

⭐CLASSES WITH POLLS/QUIZZES⭐
In-between the classes, answer some topic-related questions to test your learnings - Kids quizzes and polls.

⭐DOUBTS GET ANSWERED RIGHT AWAY⭐
During the live session, our coaches will clear all your doubts immediately.

Ignite your child's passion and interest with interactive kids learning activities - Improve their confidence and knowledge! Get access to 100s of FREE learning programs and courses for kids!

➡️➡️➡️ Download our online learning platform for kids and let your kids learn and play! Live kids' hobby classes that will change the classic perception of learning and make it fun - Learn and play! The best learning academy - Fun educational app for kids – Free!